John Hodgman Reads “The Areas of My Expertise” Outloud For Free!
Published on December 19, 2006.
So John Hodgman is quickly becoming a major internet sensation.
He’s the guy who plays the PC in those “I’m a Mac, I’m a PC” ads.
He also makes me like the PC enough to keep using it.
He recently wrote a book entitled “ The Areas of My Expertise ” which makes a lot of nonsense.
Actually, the full title is “An Almanac of Complete World Knowledge Compiled With Instructive Annotation And Arranged In Useful Order By Me, John Hodgman A Professional Writer, In The Areas of My Expertise.”
It’s pretty funny, though.
Actually, I’ve never read the book.
Instead, I’m listening to John Hodgman read it to me, for free!
The book is available free (for now) on iTunes.
Right now, he’s reading the table of contents.
Apparently the book lasts hundreds of CDs, so the table of contents is really long.
He’s joined by Johnathan Coulton, who sings the theme song for the audio book.
Apparently, pairs of Johns are usually very entertaining.
Since this is an “annotated edition,” I’d actually think about buying the book (and reading it)!
The book’s only like, $11 on amazon.com , so it wouldn’t be too difficult of a decision.